### Professional Focus

I’ve really enjoyed taking the Summer off after my role was eliminated by YouTube last Spring, shaking loose some of the scale and rust of Big Tech Burnout, but I can feel the fires of ambition and drive lighting beneath me once more, and I’m looking to get back to work.

I’ve always been a front-of-the-front-end engineer & designer, and I still adore building for the web. I think it’d be fantastic to find another role where my passions for design, HTML, CSS, and accessibility can really supercharge an engineering team.

It’s been a few years since I’ve really been a CSS “expert”, and I’m thrilled to get back to a more junior mindset, steadfast once again in the pursuit of knowledge and mastery.

### Hobbies

#### Motorcycles & The Metal Menace

Lately I’ve been spending a lot of time tending to motors. I have a few ’70s vintage German motorcycles, a more recent cafe racer project, and a soon-to-be-classic sports car, and all of them require constant attention. My garage is a nest, baring four gaping mechanical maws. I cannot satisfy their endless hunger, and I cannot turn my gaze from them, for fear of what they will do when unsupervised.

I read Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance in the Spring and Persig’s concepts of Quality and _gumption_ really resonated with me. It felt like a framework and a path forward for “debugging” projects of all stripes, online or not.

#### Writing

I find a lot of peace and home in poetry and prose, and I’ve allowed my hubris to swell and my self-awareness to dwindle in just such a way that I’d like to pursue the craft. I publish my writing semi-frequently on twin blogs [stillness.digital](https://stillness.digital) and [strange.website](https://strange.website), and I’ve also recently built a word processor project out of a Raspberry Pi (think FreeWrite but for a fraction of the cost and I can use my own keyboard).