I realized I hadn't updated my _/now_ page since I launched this version of my site, lol, so here's what's up with me:

### Professional Focus

I got hired again, a few weeks after I published this site! I'm coming up on a year on the Web Presence & Platform team at [Stripe](https://stripe.com/), specifically on the events team — I've made pages like [Stripe Tour](https://stripetour.com/), and the [Usage-Based Billing page](https://stripe.com/billing/usage-based-billing). Everyone I work with is extremely smart and capable, and there's this really nice sense of craft expectation and accountability. We’re all trying to ship really strong results Because We Ought To.

### Hobbies

#### Reading

I quit Instagram and Tiktok near the end of 2025, and I'm really making the most of having all the free time back. I feel like reading has almost perfectly slotted into the space I felt I was wasting on scrolling video apps like that. It's such a joy and it feels like my brain's chemical levels are starting to work much more naturally now that I'm not just constantly in a dopamine feast-or-famine haze. I feel more curious, and frankly like I have access to more of my thoughts. I don’t know if I can attribute that to the quitting of scrollers or the reading of books, but either way, we're so back.

#### Motorcycles & The Metal Menace

Got my 1975 BMW R90 up over 50,000 miles towards the end of her 50th year of life — we crossed that mark climbing up over the pass at Echo Lake, nearly 11,000ft above sea level. This is the year I get my project R75 running again — she just needs some love, and like, a brand new electrical harness.

#### Writing

I actually didn't make too many moves towards having a more prolific and useful writing practice. I'm not really improving cause I'm not really trying stuff, because I'm afraid to write trash, and I necessarily have to write trash to learn how to not do that anymore. I'm still publishing blog posts and [some more involved essays](/writing/a-website-to-destroy-all-websites/) on this site, as well as little vignettes on [stillness.digital](https://stillness.digital) and [strange.website](https://strange.website). 

Last year, me and my dear friend Red launched a page called [strangersbyspring.com](https://strangersbyspring.com/), which is a quiet and if-I-may-say-so beautiful art and writing project about travel and reflectance and escapism and romance, and I've really loved it as a continuing project. Everyone should ship a bunch of blogs. 

#### Italian

I've had a big love of Italian culture and food and music and film for a long time, and visited a few times, and always been a tremendously bad speaker of the language. I'm enrolled in an intermediate speakers' course with a really killer teacher these days — he says that my pronunciation is really strong, and when my conjugation and vocabulary are mentioned, he sort of shrugs and makes a face like he's watching someone get their shoulder relocated.

#### Also

Over the past few months, I've fallen in love with someone very wonderful, and I finally got the courage and opportunity to tell them so. Every time I can make them laugh at something stupid I've said, lightning strikes at the old sun-warmed & lichenous stone of my heart, and as it cracks open in its cataclysmic cleavings, it reveals an outpouring of verdant plant life — greens like you’ve never seen — and iridescently-shelled insects, and small, furtive, furry creatures after them. And this teeming world is of course my great secret, you understand, but as you and I are old friends, I'm glad to share it with you.